the pace of progress is is really I
think you see it so clearly in math and
I think Alex tweeted about this where
you know even a few years ago these
models were struggling with like grade
school math and you know and then we we
you know I remember even in 2024 that
like GSMAK was used as like the standard
eval when everybody would release a
model and then it was like math for a
short period of time and then it became
Amy and then it became USA Mo and the
pace that it's just gone blown through
all of these math benchmarks This is
really astonishing.
[Music]
Today we're joined by Alex Weey, Cheryl
Sue, and Noam Brown, the trio behind the
Open AI model that just achieves gold
medal performance at the International
Math Olympiad. The IMO gold is one of
the most important milestones in the
race to artificial super intelligence.
And what makes this breakthrough
particularly fascinating isn't just the
mathematical chops, but the underlying
architecture. General purpose techniques
for scaling test time compute and
handling hard toverify tasks that extend
far beyond competition math. We've now
gone from models that can reason about
math for a tenth of a minute just a year
ago to systems that can reason and
concentrate on the order of a 100
minutes. The hope for super intelligence
is that as we scale reasoning to
thousands or hundreds of thousands of
hours, we can begin to solve humanity's
greatest unsolved problems in math, the
sciences, and more. Alex, Cheryl, and
Noom joined us on training data to talk
about their approach and share some of
the behind-the-scenes fun and learnings
behind this historic result. Enjoy the
show.
Alex, Cheryl, Noom, thank you so much
for joining us today. We have with us
the team behind OpenAI's first gold
medal at the IMO. Uh, congratulations to
you all. It's a momentous achievement.
>> Thanks.
>> Yeah, thank you.
>> Um, I'd love to get into a little bit of
the origin story behind this. I know
that, you know, the IMO gold has just
been this, you know, elusive thing that
everyone in AI has been chasing for a
long time. I remember back when Sam
pitched us in 2021, it was on the slides
and I remember thinking, "Ah, that seems
really far away." Um, I'd love to
understand, you know, the more immediate
origin story for this specific effort.
When did you guys start thinking about
this and how did it come about?
>> Yeah, I think it's like one sort of like
something that we've been thinking about
for a long time. I I remember in my, you
know, first week at OpenAI, Noam asked
me like, you know, when when do you
think the model will get IMO gold? I
thought, you know, like it was really
unlikely in 2025. Um, but I feel like
it's something that's always been on our
minds as you said, like, you know, Sam
like many years ago as well. But this
specific effort, um,
I think, you know, we thought I think it
was really only like, you know, maybe
like a couple months since like
>> just just a couple months
>> uh like the sort of last sprint to like
get everything ready for uh this year's
IMO. Um, and of course we've been
working on like improving our RL
algorithms. The ideas for this started
coming together maybe like six months
ago, but like really like the last push
like you know we're going to try to do
something for this year's IMO was was
only a couple months long.
>> It's amazing. And how big is the team
involved? I mean so it's we're like you
know definitely building on like a lot
of folks work at open AI like this not
possible without like you know a lot of
help from people from you know like the
people working on like inference and the
scaling org the people who train the do
the pre-training and the RL training um
but in terms of like the core team I
would say it's just uh three of us um so
it's a it was a super small like scrappy
effort here
>> that's crazy just the three of you
>> also was mostly mostly Alex, Alex have
been working Alex have been working on
this technique uh you know for for a
while and uh Cheryl and I were happy to
help out uh as we were getting closer to
the IMO to like make it a reality.
>> That's so cool. And how does this even
come about? Like do you self-direct and
self- choose you know I want to work on
IMO gold and I'm going to get us there
and like how how does you know how do
you even raise your hand to work on
something like this? I think it was
something where it just felt like you
know maybe maybe it's possible like
maybe if we like you know push a bit for
a couple months we can just like you
know get there. One of the nice things
about OpenAI is that I think the
researchers are really empowered to you
know uh do the kinds of research that
they think is impactful and you know so
Alex you know had this like pitch that
like hey you know there's this new
technique that I you know I think could
could help out a lot and you know
honestly like there's a decent amount of
skepticism you know I think some people
were supportive uh but you know
everybody felt like we should give them
the you know the freedom to be able to
explore this and pursue it and uh and
then it started showing some strong
evidence and you know I think people
still were a little skeptical but but
more people were getting excited about
it and uh you know eventually it turns
into something more substantial and I
think now people are obviously very
excited about it.
>> Can you say a little bit more about the
strong evidence like what were some of
the early signs that you all were seeing
that made you really lean in? I think
it's just like you know like progress on
hard to verify tasks uh where I think
previously we you know um a lot of our
was more focused around just like you
know if you have like these verifiable
rewards like you know what can you do we
just seeing more improvement on these
like harder to verify tasks is I think
what made us excited
>> maybe on that front how did you even
verify that the results you had were
right. Um, and I I saw that you
published the proofs on on GitHub, but
can you just say a little bit more about
how you how you even know um that that
what that you know you've discovered the
answers because my understanding is that
you know they're done a bit differently
from how a human might answer them.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I do think like you know
like the style of the model outputs is a
little atrocious. Um
>> atrocious isn't the word I was going to
use. Say creative like an alien
language.
>> Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, I think it's it was
we I think you know we could have I
think you know it was a very like small
scrappy effort and so um we we didn't
optimize as hard for like you know human
readability but that's something that
you know we know how to do like you know
we can like we can do the same stuff to
like in the same way that like you know
chat GVT like is very readable we can we
can do the same things here.
>> Do you even need to optimize for human
readability? Like is that even
important? I think if you're you're
showing this to humans, they they prefer
prefer readability. We were actually
discussing like, you know, we got the
proofs like, okay, because you could
actually just like run them through
chatbt and like ask chatbt to like re
rewrite them in a more readable way. And
it's like the proofs are still correct.
They're just like a little bit more
readable. And we were like, oh, should
we when we post these online, should we
like post the more readable version
that's like run through chatbt or should
we just post the raw version? And we
decided, you know, I think for full
transparency, we'll like post the
originals and people will figure it out.
You guys have a bunch of IMO medalists
and participants in the staff at OpenAI,
right? Are do you guys like moonlight in
your spare time grading the answers that
the model produces?
>> Like during Yeah, I mean during like you
know the testing like you know Yeah. We
like we read a lot of samples. Um but
like for grading these specifically like
we hired external former IMO medalists.
So each proof was graded by three
medalists and for each one they you know
reached unanimous consensus on uh the
correctness.
>> I should also say that like for me I
don't know about Cheryl but for me like
the proofs are beyond my ability to
comprehend. Like I I was a math major
and like I never really did competition
math and um I already like the stuff
that this model is like writing about is
beyond beyond my ability to to grade.
>> Yeah. Same. I think that's what makes it
like even more amazing just like how how
smart the model is.
>> Totally. What about problem six? How
come none of the models at this year's
IMO had a solution? And and your model
didn't even attempt problem six. Can you
say more about what makes that problem
and traditionally problem six is always
the hardest at the IMO? Is that right?
>> Yeah, I think problem three or problem
six usually.
>> Okay. uh why just say a bit more about
what made problem six different and what
you learned from you know the I think
you tweeted that the fact that your
model knew that it couldn't solve
problem six was one of the things that
gave you hope so just say a bit more
about that as well
>> for problem six I mean it's just it's
just a really tough problem I think like
you know if you gave me like months to
think about it if you even gave me like
a big hint about like you know the main
idea to solve problem six I don't think
I'd be able to get there uh it's it's
just like crazy like tough problem where
there's so many things you can do and
there's like you know a very narrow path
to you know finding the proof and I
think you know it's one of those things
I think like math is just hard. Yeah.
And we like threw a lot of compute at
problem six. Um but I think it was good
to see like the model doesn't like try
to hallucinate or like try to just like
make up some solution but instead will
say like no answer. I mean it is kind of
disappointing when you feel like it's
done so much work um just to like say no
answer but I think you know it's good
that it actually like acknowledges that.
>> Yeah, that's an amazing level of
self-awareness of your own kind of
ceiling because I mean I remember at
least a couple years ago with these
models they'd always try to be helpful
and make up an answer, right? And so to
see this is just like I think an amazing
level of self-awareness from these
models. when we released the reasoning
models um you know I talked to some
professors at at mathematicians computer
scientists and and I was asking them
like you know are you finding value in
these models and the answer was you know
frequently yes but the one thing that
they would complain about is like if
they would ever ask the model a question
that it didn't know the answer to it
would just like output a very convincing
but wrong answer um and they would have
to like go through it very carefully to
figure out was it exactly correct or was
there like you know some flip of a
inequality or something that the model
snuck in there and it's nice to see that
this model like if it if it doesn't know
it will just like acknowledge that it
doesn't know at least more frequently
>> I guess internally did you guys have
like a betting like a poly market or
something going on whether you guys were
going to win uh IMO gold this year and
like what was the internal vibe
>> I think we we felt like we had a strong
shot um but I think we also felt that it
wasn't like a lock
>> where there's definitely a distribution
of questions where the models would
probably struggle more than the humans
but then you know there's another
distribution of questions where the
models would be really really strong
>> and you know I think this year was
somewhere in the middle um where you
know like problem six like I think is
just out of reach of state-of-the-art
models today and I think maybe in
general like you know like these hard
like combinatorics problems which
problem six was are I think more
challenging
and that's still something that the
models struggle with. What is it about
combinotaurics that makes it challenging
versus you know the like geometry for
example which seems like you guys do
well at?
>> I think for cominatorics it's probably
because it's a little more like abstract
a little more highdimensional.
Um and I think often times like
cominatorics problems sort of require
like leaps of faith or leaps of insight
that
you know the models aren't as good at. I
think the models are more good at like,
you know, problems that require like a
bunch of smaller steps, for example.
>> What about from your guys' perspective?
Was the internal vibe optimistic or not
that you all were going to get gold?
>> I feel like it wasn't super optimistic.
Like I think they definitely knew that
like it could happen, but I think like
even like a month or like two months
back, it definitely felt like it'd have
to like improve quite a bit, which I
guess we did. I remember I was talking
to another researcher at OpenAI like
maybe two months before the competition
and we were like, you know, saying like,
"Okay, if we were to bet, you know, I'm
I'm a betting man. I'm happy to bet."
>> Yes, you are.
>> Uh and I was saying like, "What odds
would you take?" Because I was willing
to bet. I'm like, "We were going to get
gold here." And he was like, "There's
there's really no chance." And and you
know,
um and you know, he said that he would
um gladly take like two to one odds
against like the model winning. So like
you know um less than one/3 chance but
he didn't want to bet against us. So you
know he thought it would be bad bad
vibes to to bet against the team winning
so he didn't go for the bet.
>> Did you make some some pocket change to
him?
>> I wish I I wish I
>> mean you knew that so
>> um because I mean you guys were at I
think you tweeted 12% on Amy like 15
months ago right? So it's even even
though you want never want to bet
against scale and open AAI, it's just
it's just a astounding slope of what you
all have accomplished here. the pace of
progress is is really I think you see it
so clearly in math and I think Alex
tweeted about this where you know even a
few years ago these models were
struggling with like grade school math
and you know and then we we you know I
remember even in 2024 that like GSMK was
used as like the standard eval when
everybody would release a model and then
it was like math for a short period of
time and then it became Amy and then it
became USA Mo and the pace that it's
just gone blown through all of these
math benchmarks is is really
astonishing.
>> Hey, I remember training a model on GSMA
8K two years ago.
>> Yeah, we're past those days, huh?
Saturated the Evals. What's next? Do you
think I mean at this point next year, do
you think we'll be solving Millennium
prizes?
>> I think it's I think those are still
very far away. I think on one hand, you
know, you think about like how much math
progress has been made uh since like GSN
M8K, which is like, you know, like just
like two years ago was sort of the
standard that people were trying to push
on, you know, that that's like an
astounding level of progress, but also
you think about like how much time it
takes for people like, you know, GSM 8K
problems, they're like grade school
math, you know, takes someone good at
math like a couple seconds. Um and now
we've gone from like a couple seconds to
something that takes like you know these
brilliant students an hour and a half
per problem on average or like you know
the IMO is three problems four and a
half hours um and then you know research
math is going to be like you know these
same you know brilliant students they've
grown up they're uh researchers it's
going to take them like 1500 hours so
there's like you know a thousandx of
like more thinking time and And the mill
millennium prize problems have taken
entire fields like you know people's
lifetimes of thinking and you know we
still don't have much progress on most
of those and so it's on one hand like
you know super exciting that we've made
so much progress on the other hand it's
sort of also like humbling to see like
how much further you know progress has
to go from like an hour and a half to
like you know tens of thousands hundreds
of thousands of hours of human thinking.
>> Totally. Noom, I think you deserve a lot
of credit for seeing the future on this.
I remember you visit us before you even
joined OpenAI talking about um the
results from gameplay and you know what
happens if you let a model think for
hours and tens of hours um and credit
you you've really seen the future on
this.
>> Thank you. Yeah, I mean uh it's exciting
to see it actually happen. Yeah. Um what
are the hard things that happen as you
scale compute time inference time from
the order of 0.1 minutes to the order of
100 minutes? Um I guess at a high level
because not everyone most of our
listeners are not AI researchers but
what are the hard things that happen to
to keep the model kind of on the rails
so to speak? One one thing I I think we
can point to is like pretty clearly a
challenge is that if you have the model
thinking for like 1500 hours then in
order to eval you have to have it think
for 1500 hours and so eventually the
evaluation of the models becomes a
significant uh you know speed bump on
progress. So we're not really at that
point, you know, like if we have the
model think for an hour and a half, it's
no big deal. You know, we can we can run
those tests, but to run a test where the
model is thinking for a month, it takes
a month to finish that test. And so
progress can only advance so fast if you
want to wait for those kinds of results.
>> Uh I think both of you are on the multi-
aent team. Help me understand like what
the role that multi-agent systems uh
play in this is. Uh yeah, so in addition
to having the model like think for a
very long time and uh you know uh make a
lot of progress on you know hard to
verify tasks uh this also involved
scaling up parallel compute and so
that's uh there's there's a multi- aent
component to that. We're probably not
going to be able to go into too much
detail about the exact techniques. Um
but that was certainly like one way that
we were able to scale up test time
compute for the IMO. By the way, one
thing I'll add for the um the multi-
aents, you know, scaling parallel
compute thing is that the way that we
did it, you know, we we really tried to
prioritize generality in in our in our
techniques. I for example, like you
know, I I worked on AI for poker. Um
Alex and I actually both worked on AI
for diplomacy. So, Alex was was on the
the team that uh worked on Cicero.
>> Cisero.
>> Yeah. Nice.
>> And you know, those were projects that
I'm I'm really proud of, but they were
also projects that we spent years
working on to like achieve that result.
And with the pace of AI progress being
so fast, it felt like that wasn't the
best use of time to like develop a very
bespoke system that could only do that
one task. And so we all like really
prioritized general purpose techniques
and all this. And you know the
techniques that we used for um
everything for scaling up the thinking
time for uh working on hard to verify
tasks and for the parallel compute are
all general purpose techniques that
we're uh either planning or or have used
for um you know other systems as well.
>> And is that the reason you all chose not
to do this in lean? Like my
understanding is the official kind of
IMO AI track was was a was a lean um
interpretation this year. Is that why
you guys chose not to go with lean?
>> Yeah, that's right. I mean, there are
certainly I think there is a lot of
value in lean as a tool. Um, you know,
mathematicians find it useful for
example. Uh, but the priority for us is
really general purpose reasoning
capabilities and lean has its
limitations. Um, and so that's why we
wanted to prioritize natural language.
>> My layman's understanding is lean is a
formal verification tool. Um, does your
result here basically say that like
informal verification with scale can you
know can perform at the same level or
even surpass formal verification? Is
that the right takeaway?
>> I I wouldn't say you I I would not say
that's the right takeaway. I don't know.
Alex, you have thoughts? So
>> I say that these are just like you know
sort of two like orthogonal sort of
components here where like I think you
know I think we found the informal math
uh sort of an interesting problem
because it represents sort of like a
kernel of difficulty around like you
know like scaling up test time compute
um hard to verify tasks uh that
represented you know something like
difficulties from like you know a very
broad set of tasks that we were like,
you know, interested in from like a
general purpose standpoint. I think like
lean is a little bit more narrow where
like I think a lot more of the world can
be approached with like informal
reasoning than is like formalizable.
>> I don't think there's anything wrong
with narrow AI like narrow AI can be
very effective and obviously like far
surpass general purpose AI in certain
domains. And I think the right right way
to think about it is in the same way
that humans human mathematicians find a
lot of value in lean. Um general AI can
be compatible with with uh you know a
more narrow system that's that's focused
on like formal uh formal mathematics and
you know the combination I think can be
better uh because of it.
I think I saw on Twitter uh from
multiple folks at OpenAI and I think you
guys have mentioned this as well that
you know this system was built with a
very similar approach and infrastructure
to many of the recent launches from
OpenAI like we had Issa uh from the chat
agent launch on on the podcast last
week. Um can you say a little bit more
about what the similar kind of
foundation and approach is?
>> I think like infrastructure wise like I
mean like we all kind of just use the
same infrastructure. Um but I think as
far as like the core of this question
like you know like like know Alex said
there's nothing like that's very bespoke
to IMO here and the hope is really that
we can use the techniques that Alex
worked on um as far as like
non-verifiable tasks and as far as just
scaling up test time compute um and be
able to like apply this to other areas
of reasoning or other areas of like
model capabilities in general um and
just build like stronger models you know
like keep keep improving agent keep
improving chat GPT and everything else.
>> Uh tell me tell me about the actual
experience of IMO day. What what was it
like? Yeah, I mean I we were waiting for
the problems to come through because
like you know once the once the like
participants finish the exam then then
they get uh posted and so we like you
know plug the problems into our model
and uh that was around like I guess
pretty late at night maybe like 1:00
a.m. or something and honestly I went to
sleep because it's like you know it's 1
a.m. I'm not going to stay up for four
and a half hours to like see the I'll
just wake up in the morning and see. Uh,
but I think these two like actually
stayed up and like um got to watch the
model and um see it come in in real
time.
>> Yeah, it was it was a lot of fun.
>> Did anybody want to call No, I'm like,
"Wake up. Wake up. We got we got this."
>> There were there were a couple moments
where like Alex was like so exhausted
that he decided to like take a nap, but
we like told him like, "Okay, just make
sure your your phone is on silence so
that if we need to wake you up, we can
like call you." And uh at one point we
did actually have to call him, but I
don't think he woke up.
That's awesome. It must have been such a
thrill and such a high especially for
that to come through at like So you got
you started at 1:00 a.m. So you must
have known at like 9:00 a.m. then?
>> Oh, it's four and a half hours.
>> Four and a half hours for the first
>> Yeah. I don't know. I mean, we can kind
of see the problems come in. Uh so I'd
just be like making sure the systems are
like staying stable and then Alex is
like over there reading and seeing
whether or not how how the model's
doing.
>> Uh so you were doing the you were doing
the live human proof checking to see if
it was actually I was I was you know
you're naturally very like anxious about
the results and totally so I was just
like looking at the you know like the
partial progress the model was making
you can sort of
>> like we can sort of observe that um and
then like you know I I also like you
know hand check things like you know we
were we were going to send these out to
the graders but like I was also just
like hand check them because I was so
curious like
>> okay well call me next time I want I
want to come hang out there for that I'm
go to sleep. That sounds awesome.
>> One one of the cool things about these
models is like, you know, I can't
understand the proofs. Um, but when you
see the model like thinking about it, it
it will express its uncertainty or its
confidence in natural language
throughout throughout the process and it
will just kind of say words that will
like hint at its like, you know, if if
it's like really confident that it
figured it out, it'll say good a lot,
you know. Um, and if it's like unsure,
it'll like throw in a lot of question
marks. Um, and so it's like cool that I
can kind of follow along and see how the
model is like, you know, feeling about
about its progress, even though I can't
really tell if it's like got it correct
or not.
>> Yeah, you get the dreaded seems hard.
>> You got that on problem six.
>> Got that a lot. No progress hard.
>> Seems hard. Keep going. Too bad.
>> Wonderful. Um, I guess looking ahead,
what you you've got you've gotten like
the pinnacle results in competition
math. I guess you can go do Putinham
next year, but you're basically at the
top, right? And so what's next?
>> Yeah. So, actually for um for Putinham
the problems,
I think since the exam is like, you
know, less time per problem than the IMO
and it's a little more uh knowledge
heavy. uh we actually found in our eval
that the model you know was like really
really good at putting them problems
like better than it was at IMO problems
and so I think you know the frontiers
here are really not about like you know
these like very like time boxed
competition problems anymore but it's
about like problems that really take
like longer periods of time and more
deep thinking to solve.
>> It's really cool. Okay, so you're going
to start proving novel theorems now.
Again, I think there's like there's this
uh I think very intimidating gap between
like you know these like very like time
box competition problems and like a you
know real research breakthrough which
you know takes like a year's worth of
work like in a year's that that's like
on the order of like 1500 hours instead
of 1.5.
>> Yeah, totally. I guess relatedly I I I
was listening to the Demis podcast last
night and he mentions that you know uh
the hardest thing is actually coming up
with the interesting problems to solve.
Uh, and I'm I'm curious if you all agree
with that.
>> I think there's some truth to that that
um you know these models um are really
good now at solving these problems. Uh
coming up with them is you know still um
a challenge but I think it's also worth
noting the incredible pace of progress
that we're seeing. Um, and you know,
there's always there's always a next
hurdle, you know, and
originally when LM came out, it was
like, well, how do we get them to
reason? And then we got them to reason,
but then how do we get them to reason on
hard to verify tasks? And now they can
reason on hard to verify tasks. And I
think the next um hurdle is going to be
like, okay, well, how do we get them to
to come up with these novel questions?
You know, like even creating an IMO
question is is is a challenge. And, you
know, it takes a lot of extra
mathematicians, a lot of work to do
that. But I don't see any fundamental
barriers that block us from getting
there.
>> I love that. Um, do your results in
math, do they just fully generalize to,
you know, you're just going to be better
at scientific reasoning, you're going to
be better at um, general reasoning, you
know, does does being great at
competition math make you, you know, be
great at everything else?
I think uh how we approached this was
not like you know we we should be like
you know great at competition math.
We're really I think it's like we were
focused on like developing like general
purpose techniques
>> um to make our like reinforcement
learning better and I think those we are
you know very excited to like improve
our models in other do like domains
beyond math and so and you know
hopefully like make models more useful
for like you know us in like everyday
usage. This is like a you know it's a
pretty late breaking result. Um it's
honestly it was a surprise even to
people internally at OpenAI and so um
the next step is to uh incorporate this
more broadly into our models and you
know improve the reasoning capabilities
across the board. Um but you know it's
going to take some time to um go through
that process and and deploy it to the
world. So um I think it's going to come
but yeah it'll just take a little bit
more time. Is it harder for these ma
these models to do the IMO or the the
physics olympiad?
>> I think definitely the physics olympiad
because the physics olympiad has I think
like an experimental section.
>> Oh.
>> Or you have to
>> we need to solve robotics first.
>> I didn't realize that. Okay. I thought
it was just done on a piece of paper.
>> Yeah. Yeah. So I think it's the the
model will probably be good at the on
the paper part but yeah I think the will
be a little bit a bit of time before it
can you know do the experiments
>> not with like a world model.
>> Okay cool. Uh are you going to release
this model for customers to play with?
Um Ruof's son is a math math olympiad
kid and he's like I want access to the
math olympiad model. Like will people be
able to play with this?
>> So we we want to make this accessible to
mathematicians to use. Um, we're still
trying to figure out the exact details
of how we make that happen. Um, but you
know, I think it's really cool that
we've developed this system that is
incredibly good at math and it makes
sense that we want to see what
mathematicians can do with it. Um, I've
actually already been emailing with like
the Stanford professor, uh, mathematics
professor. Um, he actually emailed me
like about a year ago before we
announced a one and he was like, "Hey,
do you want to do a collaboration on
like solving hard math problems?" And
basically what I told him is like I
think we just got to advance general
reasoning capabilities and eventually
they're going to be able to help you
with your like hard math problems. And I
think that's actually the most promising
route to getting there. He was a little
skeptical but um every model release
like every reasoning model release he's
like emailed me with a follow-up and
he's like can it solve this problem now
and I've been plugging them in and I
don't know what the output is but I like
email it back to him and he says like
yeah that's wrong.
and um and he emailed me like a
follow-up this time with like you know
the same problem like asking like hey
can it solve it now um it still can't
solve it but at least this time it like
recognizes that it can't solve it so I
think that's like a big step um but
we're curious to see if there's like a
lot of other um problems out there that
mathematicians um want to challenge this
model with and see if it can take them
on
>> amazing uh congratulations to you all I
think this is a momentous result that
the entire field has been waiting for
for a very long time and um the fact
that was accomplished by a team of three
people in a span of two months. It's
it's it's extraordinary. Congratulations
and thanks for joining us on training
data.
>> Thank you.
>> Thanks for having us.
[Music]